hello I wanted to show you synthesizers
synthesizers that i got from computer
music it's a DVD that comes with
magazine on a monthly basis usually
there they come with free software they
come with free loops and in this case it
came with free loops but it also came
with the free synthesizer that you can
use with GarageBand so after you've
downloaded the program go to your
instrument the sound generator right
here and you'll look for the name of the
software you just download it in this
case it's called poly kb 2 cm and you
click on that generator and you don't
click here and this is their interface
with their software and you can explore
all the different sounds goes here this
should tell you all the types of sounds
available on the sound bank with this
sound generator i found some that i
really liked and I've started a song
I really like that so I try to come up
with some sort of song with that so I
couldn't really find a drumbeat I've
been looking for a drumbeat that I
thought would go with kind of feel that
I'm looking for with this electronic
sound I couldn't find anything I wanted
a drumbeat that was very minimal it was
very I want the focus to be the
synthesizers and not the beat so here's
the beat it really isn't anything
special but I designed it you can see
it's really nothing special and then a
little bit more protection I added here
so together they sound like this it's
very basic it's a nice frame to hang all
these electronics synthesizing sounds
and all together this is what I've come
up with so far
as you can see I have all of these
additional sounds I really like this one
this one actually has a very good crisp
sound these are all the available sounds
and a sound bang for this particular
software module for the sound generator
you